hey guys let me say hi guys - hi guys
what's up guys good morning the whole
gangs here from Bay Libby leave in the
car with her cute little boots we're
having to get my sister and little penny
from the hospital it's about ten o'clock
in the morning just woke up in really
good
and having a couple of days but I'm good
now I had some time to think about it
I'm feeling good she was like nothing
she's I got feather she wants to give
the baby the baby yeah hmm
chicks like Jane give the baby a kiss on
her head are you feeling that yeah she
does look like Liam does she look like
Julia but no she looks G like you that's
a little baby and she type in me mmm
maybe you're so nice and she vanishes
behind a curtain that's not gonna work
these women are crazy Wow look at you
mommy and baby penny group hug group hug
it's like what is going on why am i
wrapped in these blanket and don't you
know this is uncomfortable are you and
why am I here all he did was butter -
can't wait to know what her personality
is in like two years and look back on
this video there is what you're saying
your eyes doctor Livi
paging dr. Levine look like this movie
show me your hands
Wow
dr. Livy good thing you're wearing boots
hey you sit still kid
whoa wait wait okay cue the mama give
them up knocked out my sister's here
doing some work cook good lunch today
doing some chicken legs just gonna
drumsticks flipping heads when I call
him chicken likes I doing some
drumsticks they're in there cooking some
rice and beans
mmm this is lunch shocker jump sticks
rice and beans and cucumber beet salad
tell the story about your dad I told
them I lost it was a little one Whitney
white oh you got jokes
he has jokes difficult but would you ask
for ice what makes me let you know that
that was not candy oh we're just bored
it's okay juju you don't throw the ball
you gave it to Livia so she could throw
it it says in 2016 you guys will love
waterless wireless job water is
hit the back my entrance the Android
phone signal job is doing your little
workbook again I just want to show them
what this is okay yeah pick up a bar my
first book of uppercase okay hello
I was it she loves homework apparently
we'll see how long that lasts
I'm sitting here I'm making dinner I'm
just making a job like clip calzone I
can't catch up on my sleep
I'm always tired now I hate that feeling
calzones and of course the beet salad
again was I right after this spouses
even ill appearing to be healthy I was
just talking about this watching
SourceFed right now I posted today a
video talking about broken hearts
causing death it's so ironic I was
literally just talking about this
speaking of which we saw the little old
man downstairs today when I was bringing
uh Penelope and my sister upstairs and
he was like the blueberries were so good
he was all happy and stuff so that was
nice and then he saw the little baby and
that made him smile so you guys are
asking about him so I just want to
update you guys he's doing good
but how ironic is that SourceFed okay
with bass playing live video games what
I've been playing lately is Skyrim and
it's from the elder scroll I bought the
the one before Skyrim and I liked it but
I didn't like really really loved it so
I returned it and I got a call a duty
and that's what I was playing before for
a while and I actually was getting
really good at call of duty waiting he
had like pointed out that I was playing
like video game so much oh I just
started to extra stop playing my Call of
Duty I actually cut the game in half
which I don't know why I D excited I get
in this game later on but I like it it's
pretty good right guys head in a bit
we'll see you tomorrow